## Frecuently Asked Questions

### Does your app read MTG Arena's memory?

Nope, we use the output log generated by MTG Arena, this output log was intentionally created to allow third party developers to create tools and apps that interact with the game.

### Is Wizards of the Coast okay with Deck trackers?

There is no actual confirmation about this, but based on some actions and tweets (and the fact they actually continue to support the log we scrap data from) we can say they have no issues with us. However, there is no guarantee they will not terminate it if they feel like doing so.

### How do I use this then?

First and foremost you need to start MTG Arena, once you have logged in MTG Arena you can start MTG Arena Tool, sign up (create a new account) and you are ready to go!

### Do I need to log in with my MTGA credentials?

NO, do not ever input your MTG Arena credentials anywhere except MTG Arena itself. Out login services are exclusive for MTG Arena Tool and are not related to the game.

### I can see some of my previous games in history, but not all of them

MTG Arena Tool reads trough your entire log file at startup, that means it can read past games even when you did not have it running then. The log file is cleared by MTGA every time you initiate it, so with MTG Arena Tool you will probably see past games but only a few.

### Where are draft scores taken from?

They come from the [Magic Community Set Reviews](https://www.mtgcommunityreview.com/)

### I logged into another PC but my history is empty, what gives?

Currently progress is stored locally, that means you can only see the history of games you played in the PC you played them in. Sync features are in the works!

